■ Brief Description
This is a competitive game. The closest game genre is the trading card game (TCG), but it uses coins instead of cards. The more powerful coins are larger in size, which has the disadvantage of squeezing your hand.
Another feature of this game is that you move squares by rolling dice.

■ Deck
Deck is made of 20 coins in total. Up to three of the same coin can be placed in a deck.

■ Coins
Placement Attack Coins: These coins are used by placing them on the squares. Damage is inflicted when the opponent stops on the placed square.
Direct Attack Coins: Can be used when the opponent is within the specified range.
Defensive Coins: Used to counter an opponent's use of direct attack coins. Cannot be used for placed attack coins.
Support Coins: These are effective against yourself and your masses.
Other Coins: These coins have special effects not found in other coins. Most of them are used in combination with other coins.

■ How to proceed in a battle
1. Draw Step: Gain 1 coin.
2. Coin Use Step 1: Direct attack coins or support coins can be used.
3. Move Step: Roll the dice to move. If there are multiple destinations, select one.
4. Coin Use Step 2: Installed attack coins are used.
5. Pass the turn to the opponent.

■ Rewards after the game
Coin Lottery: Randomly awarded coins. There are two types: offline-only and online-only.
Coin Voucher: You will get the specified coin. There are offline-only and online-only coin vouchers.

■ Play against other players
To play against other players, you can either "start connecting (looking for other players)" or "start waiting (waiting for other players)".
The rules for the match are the same as those of the player who "Start Waiting".

■ Offline Game
This is a method of playing face-to-face with other players.
The communication method must be the same. If you are not sure which one to use, try LAN if you are connected to the same Wi-Fi as your partner, or NearBy if you are not. NearBy and BlueTooth are recommended to be paired in Android settings in advance.

■ Online Matchups
This is a method of playing over the Internet. Decks must be created using only the coins earned from online matches.
Points are consumed for each match. You can get points by watching advertisements, but you need to set them up. It may take some time to receive points. There is a limit to the number of points you can get per day.

■ Customize the battle rules
You can set a limit on the number of cards in your deck, life values, etc. You can change them when you get used to the game.
- Custom: The game is played according to the same procedures as the standard rules. As a limitation, the rules for decks are changed to the same contents as the standard rules.
- Room: Online play only. The rules are published first, and then you can recruit players to play.
- Event: Limited time only. Additional rewards will be given for online matches.

■ Game Tips
Move as close to the center as possible. The closer the square is to the center, the easier it is to step on it, and the more attack coins you can place there, the more effective your move will be. This also has the advantage of giving you more options for where to move next turn.
The outermost square is a safe square. You cannot place attacking coins in these squares, and they will not be attacked directly by attacking coins. If you are in danger, run for cover. However, the danger increases because you can only move forward in one direction on the next turn.
Some coins are ineffective or ineffective on their own. Use them only after you have collected the related coins.
Defensive coins are wasted if your opponent has not put in direct attack coins. Be careful not to put in too many.

■ Notice
Defect reports and requests are also accepted at Issues at the following URL.
https://github.com/RyKishita/KoKoCoin
We especially appreciate your help in improving localization.
